Rorrie Dathna (she/her)
Heir of Void
abrasivelyEsoteric
9 sweeps old
Prospit dreamer
Balance Modus
(Items must be able to be physically stacked on top of each other- if the item falls, it is ejected.)

Strife Specibus- Umbrellakind. 

Lusus- Large chameleon. Imagine the size of Xefros' lusus. Often camouflages itself, but its there. Hangs around on the ceiling and walls half the time, also enjoys randomly un-camoflaging in front of Rorrie, scaring her.

A bit of a shut in, Rorrie tends to keep to herself. This is mainly in part of her meekness, general nervousness, and social incapabilities. Being pretty lonely, she desperately wants social interaction, but she is also deathly afraid of it. This manifests as a bit of an abrasive side when she DOES talk to people, making it seem like shes sick of everyones shit when she just really needs a big hug. Her real personality is quite kind affectionate, but it just takes a while for her to come out of her shell to show it. Unfortunately, due to her desires for social interaction, she can tend to be a bit clingy, and oblivious in general. Additionally, she can get disillusioned and pessimistic easily. Tends to get in her own head often. An honest and loving flushed quadrant would work wonders for her. Very fidgety with her hands and feet. 
Image
As for her interests, she is an AVID READER of EASTERN ALTERNIAN FICTION, to which she holds to a high standard- she only reads THE BEST OF THE BEST. However, she can get quite defensive of said literature when it gets criticized. Though not an artist herself, she enjoys SURREALIST WORKS OF ART and owns many a book containing their works. She quite enjoys CONVULUTED AND WEIRD STORIES in media- to give a real life example, that of Guilty Gear or Kingdom Hearts would likely be one of her favorites. Hell, she'd definitely like Homestuck. She has a GRIM FASCINATION with the ART OF EXECUTION. She is a teal, after all. She does not take pleasure in death and would probably only kill as a last resort or if its very justified, she loves seeing the strange contraptions the highbloods make specifically to cruelly anf painfully end lives and owns many a book on their history and use. She quite enjoys RAINY STROLLS with her umbrella, as she finds they soothe her nerves.

Typing quirk: Stammers and stutters with a lot of uh's and ums and the like. Proper punctuation (sentences dont start with capitals though), ends sentences with ellipses, but can still have exclamation marks and the like after, like this...! When shes feeling down she tends to speak in more HUSHED TONES. (smaller font)