name: Marole Razdor
pronouns: any
handle: umbraMagitek
typing quirk: (parenthesiiis around lowercase sentences wiiith proper punctuatiiion, along wiiith triiipliiing any use of the letter III. phrasing choiiices constantly swiiitch between beiiing wordy as hell and blunt and to the point.)
classpect: Mage of Light
lunar sway: Derse
Fetch Modus: Dance Dance Revolution, every captchalouged item has a unique song and chart which must be completed in order to access them. longer songs are given to larger items and harder charts are given to more important items.
Strife Specibus: Polearmkind
description: Marole has a knack for programming and web design, and spends time faffing about with scattered programs on their drive. despite a wide interest in computers and robots, they absolutely suck on the hardware side of things. they're passionate over general old internet culture and have been known to be kind of a rose tinted glasses wearer. in no relation to the real life religious beliefs that they find kinda fucking insane, they have a fascination towards, clowns, jesters, mimes, and other sort of wacky performers. they have an attraction towards iridescent objects, blobitecture, incredibly aged CGI, and anything else associated with whatever the fuck you'd call troll Y2K. their music taste involves various breakcore drum samples and ear busting EDM. they have particularly thick skin due to growing up online around the worst people imaginable, causing them to not really care for offensive remarks and jokes, sometimes finding them funny in a fucked up kind of way. they reside in a penthouse thanks to making a living off of intentionally low specs and somewhat shitty software and games for The Aesthetic™️. they're in plans of trying to build a media empire without really trying. 
before now, they would hide their personality behind an idealized character made for the brand, both in public and private. but over the years, their genuine feelings and manufactured character bits have melded together so much that they've become indistinguishable. despite this being incredibly weird and possibly a problem, they regard this as the perfect state of being. they're the type of person to somehow make everything into a bizarre gag, reveling in inside jokes and esoteric drama from all corners of the web. in contrast to this appearance of not caring about anything, they put a lot of stake into their own strong opinions and want to shout them into the world hoping to make immediate changes amongst people and the world. they find it hard to empathize with situations unfamiliar to their own, but can sympathize enough to become steadfast in what needs to be done to make things right no matter the costs. they're a big fan of schadenfreude, letting karma take course to give someone a comeuppance, even if they have to force it into motion or take it into their own hands. this attitude of putting their friend's experiences over their own comes to a detriment, as they feel embarrassed and unworthy when opening up about their own issues.

due to the fucked up wills of the universe and genetics, they were born with a 3rd eye. even moving past childhood ridicule and mockery, they still feel it makes them look like a fucking freak of nature. they see it as that singular imperfection they they can't get rid of, so much so that they intentionally conceal it from others with things like comedically oversized and garish shades. 
